Leadership
Mentors
• Leadership
• Mentors
Entrepreneurship plays a vital role in ensuring a strong resource for economic development of the country. Sharda University established Sharda Launchpad Federation (SLP), a section 8 company registered under the companies act 2013, as a leading business incubator and entrepreneurship platform at Sharda University, dedicated to supporting startups and innovators across India and abroad. SLP plays a pivotal role in fostering entrepreneurship by offering a wide range of resources, mentorship, networking and funding opportunities. With a focus on nurturing innovative ideas, SLP guides startups from ideation to commercialization, helping entrepreneurs accelerate their journey from concept to viable business. Through tailored assistance and strategic support, SLP contributes to innovation, economic growth, and the development of a thriving startup ecosystem.
Sharda Launchpad NIDHI i - TBI Igntion Grant
Startup India Seed Fund Scheme
UP Startup Policy Seed Capital & Prototype Grant
Sharda Universiry Student Innovation Seed Fund
iHUB Sharda, Supported by iHUB DivyaSampark Fellowship, EIR & Prototype Grant
Sharda Global Food & Beverages Accelerator
Ministry of MSME Idea Hackathons
Funding through Government Schemes
Funding through VC/ Angel
Events on Innovations, Entrepreneurship & IPR
Discover the Launchpad Opportunities
Science, Business, Social, or Creative - Choose your field, and The Next Startup program will help you build an empire. Your potential ideas will be your stepping stone towards success.
Syncubator program will help you pitch your unique ideas to significant business entities. At this stage, you gain insights and mentorship from the sharpest brains of the industry.
You laid your ground now it is time for action. The Xcelerator will scale-up your startup by putting you on ground, dealing with investors, making strategies, and undertaking things practically.
Startup Charcha Episode 1
Startup Charcha Episode 2
Startup Charcha Episode 3
Startup Charcha Episode 4
Startup Charcha Episode 5
Sharda University proudly backs the Prime Minister's vision for Startup India.
We are committed to fostering innovation and entrepreneurship, contributing
to the growth of a dynamic startup ecosystem in the country.
0120-4570000 | 0120-4060210/11
• Tender Notice for DST i-TBI

Source: https://launchpad.sharda.ac.in/