Report of the Talk Show by Mr. Kazi Iftequer Hossain, President, Bangladesh Garment Buying House Association Talk - Show on “How to develop skills for careers in 21st century” had been organized by Amity school of Fashion Technology under Faculty of Applied Arts/Fine Arts/Performing Arts/Visual Arts on 9 th Dec 2022 at E - 2 Auditorium at 12 noon Mr. Kazi Iftequer Hossain, President, Bangladesh Garment Buying House Association had been invited for this Talk Show and to provide a Global perspective to st udents Mr. Kazi Iftequer Hossain was welcomed by Prof. (Dr.) Pradeep Joshi , Group Addl. Pro Vice Chancellor ,Director General & Dean (Applied Arts/Fine Arts/Performing Arts/Visual Arts) Amity University Mr K azi was introduced to the Programs offered by ASFT and also shown the various facilities available at the Campus. Prof. (Dr.) Pradeep Joshi , Group Addl. Pro Vice Chancellor ,Director General & Dean (Applied Arts/Fine Arts/Performing Arts/Visual Arts) w elcoming the Guest

Mr. Kazi Iftequer Hossain, President, Bangladesh Garment Buying House Association addressing the gathering Mr. Kazi enlightened the students about the expectations of the Global Fashion Industry from young professionals and the immense opportunities offered by this industry. He interacted with the students about the different career options and the related knowledge, s kills and qualities required for excelling in this ever changing industry. Mr kazi also shared h is journey from the start of h is c areer to his current profile as President, Bangladesh Garment Buying House Association . H e spoke at length about how the recent developments and the initiatives of Bangladesh Garment Buying House Association . BGBA takes on boosting the RMG( Ready Made Garment) Industry as its responsibility and commits itself to industrial structure adjustment and innovative growth pat tern. On the basis of incubating, assisting and promoting RMG Manufacturing plant, BGBA enhances the communication and coordination with upstream and downstream RMG Industries, enterprises and governments, accelerates cooperation with international institu tes and strives to create a favorable atmosphere for the development of Bangladesh RMG sector.

He explained how the organization supports social supervision, fight against unfair quality & deal, safeguard the Buying House and Industry's interest by form ulating its regulations and administering RMG(Ready Made Garment) industry behaviors, research and analyse the RMG industry development and market trends in Bangladesh and abroad, participate in drafting industry development strategy, raise suggestions on policy and legislation to government and provide information and consultation service to companies, advocate technological advancement, promote informationiz ation construction, hold various personnel education and training and encourage enterprises to fol low the road of self - innovation, join the formulation and amendment of RMG industry standards and organize the implementation of the standards, organize the brands to display in Bangladesh and overseas and assist enterprises in exploring domestic and overs eas markets, carry out RMG industrial safety investigation and release RMG industry warning information, host international dialogue, implement RMG industry diplomacy, enhance international economic collaboration and exchanges, and facilitate the internati onal cooperation. He also explained to the gathering that how w ith the core of "Quality, Innovation, Fast Response and Social Responsibility", Bangladesh has transformed from a large garment country to a strong garment country. Prof. ( Dr. ) Pradeep Joshi actively contributed in the Talk - Show. The students’ quest for knowledge was worth witnessing, as Mr kazi faced a torrent of questions ranging from the possible

career options, essential qualifications, how to prepare ones elf to face the industry & develop them to the more i nquisitive queries like her inspiration, philosophy of design etc. The talk show was well attended by Faculty Members and students who benefitted tremendously by this interactive session.

Report of the Talk show on ‘ Factors Influencing Fashion ’ Talk - Show on “ Factors Influencing Fashion ” had been organized by Amity school of Fashion Technology under Faculty of Applied Arts/Fine Arts/Performing Arts/Visual Arts on 9 th Dec 2022 at E - 2 Auditorium at 1 pm Ms Karen Heard (International Recruitment and Development coordinator, University of Arts london) had been invited for this Talk Show and to provide a Global perspective to students Ms Karen Heard was welcomed by Prof. (Dr.) Pradeep Joshi, Group Addl. Pro Vic e Chancellor ,Director General & Dean (Applied Arts/Fine Arts/Performing Arts/Visual Arts) Amity University . Ms Karen Heard was introduced to the Programs offered by ASFT and the roadmap ahead for students Prof. (Dr.) Pradeep Joshi , Group Addl. Pro Vice Chancellor ,Director General & Dean (Applied Arts/Fine Arts/Performing Arts/Visual Arts) making the opening remarks

Prof. (Dr.) Pradeep Joshi , Group Addl. Pro Vice Chancellor ,Director General & Dean (Applied Arts/Fine Arts/Performing Arts/Visual Arts) welcoming Ms Karen Ms Karen opened the session by telling the students about the expectations of the Global Fashion Industry from young profe ssionals and the immense opportunities offered in global fashion industry. She made detailed presentation on Factors Influencing Fashion ,Portfolio Management, Fashion Cycle, Lifespan & Consumer Adopters , Social & Environmental Impact of Fashion , Information about study opportunities, career opportunities and growing industries , Information for selection of Country/ Course & it’s requirements , Factors Influencing Fashion Prof. (Dr.) Pradeep Joshi actively contributed in the Talk - Show. The talk sh ow was attended by Faculty Members and Final year students who benefitted tremendously from the Talk show

Source: https://amity.edu/noida/asft/pdf/seminar2/s.no.2.pdf