• : 8448482587 , 9971953974, 0120 – 5065308 / 09
• : admissions@gn.amity.edu
STUDY TO BE A TRUE GLOBAL LEADER
AMITY 3 CONTINENT PROGRAMS
Amity is the leading education group of India with over 1,50,000 students studying across 1000 acres of hi-tech campus. At Amity we are passionate about grooming leaders who are not only thorough professionals but also good human beings with values and sanskars. At Amity we benchmark only against the best institutions around the world.
This is just one of the many reasons given below, why we are consistently ranked no.1
The University
education group of India
with over 1,00,000...
The Amity University
has been established by an
act of State Legislature...
benchmarks of the global
education with a system...
has tie-ups with over
100 international
Universities, Laboratories...
Our Programs & USP's
• B. Tech (Civil Engg.)
• B. Tech (Electronics & Communications Engg.)
• B.Tech (Electrical & Electronics Engineering)
• B. Tech (Computer Science & Engg.)
• B.Tech (Mechanical Engineering)
• MBA
• BBA
• B.A. (Journalism & Mass Communication)
• B. Des. (Fashion Design)
• The Program is specially designed for young explorers who want to innovate
• Interact with students from other nationalities and form new and rewarding relationships to develop an invaluable network for all times to come
• Students get global exposure even before completion of course and many get good career enhancement opportunities
• Get an opportunity to explore, imbibe and leverage best practices of 3 Continents
• Practical hands-on program allows each participant to learn about the economic environment, business practices, various technologies, customs and traditions of various countries. Industry interaction, cultural awareness, foreign language training, travel excursion and experience in new technological environment allow each student to gain deep insights
• Supplement the degree of Amity University with certiﬁcates from 2 other foreign Institutions
• Gain from experiential hands-on learning in cross cultural environments with inputs & guidance from International faculty & mentors.
• Lectures & Tutorials by leading international faculty.
• Students are groomed in such a way that they become global entrepreneurs through unique exposure to live projects, training, meeting with global CEOs, participating in Global Conferences etc
• Students pursue research & experience-based projects needed in an intercultural environment where they showcase their skills to communicate across cultures & hone skills in today’s globalized world.
• Students visit companies, industries and institutions of excellence in 3 different continents and learn from the best practical applications across three different economies of the world.
The 3 Continent programmes are open for all Amity campuses in Noida, Greater Noida, Lucknow, Jaipur, Gurugram, Gwalior, Mumbai and Dubai
Tuition Fees: For details about tuition fees for semesters in India,
please refer to the program links given above
Inclusions and Exclusions in the Tuition fee structure
Inclusion: Exclusion
Academic fee at Foreign Partner Institution: Accommodation
Industry visits: Return Airfare
2-3 Planned excursions.
Other planned trips & tours are optional and students need to bear their own expenses for same: Any Expenses of Personal nature
Use of Learning Resources at Partner Institution: Monument Entry Fees, etc
OTHER FEE :
Fee for accommodation & other value added services is to be paid approximately six months before date of departure to UK / US.
For detailed FAQs, Click here
Have a Question Click Here
For further details contact
In 3 Continent programs, students travel to U.K. and U.S.A. in one semester.
Example of schedule dates are given below to give an indication about the structure and time duration of the course
Arrival / Departure | 2018 | 2019
Arrival in London | 8th January | 7th January
Departure from London and arrival in US | 2nd April | 2nd April
Departure from US for India | 24th June | 22nd June
Accommodation is arranged by the Amity University itself.
The University does not encourage any student to stay in their own accommodation as it is a fully residential program conducted by the University.
• Accommodation in UK is arranged by our Amity University London Campus (www.amitylondon.org.uk). Previous places where accommodation arranged for 3 C students include Trafalgar Square and Stay Club,Colindale..
• Accommodation in US is as per the university partners. For example in academic years 2014-15, 2015-16, 2016-17 it was within the campus of our US partner California State University, San Bernardino.(www.csusb.edu). For the academic year 2017-18,2018-19 it is the beautiful 176 acres Amity Campus at 500, Montauk Highway, Oakdale, New York, with lectures and tutorials at Adelphi University, New York.
Pranav Khurana, 3C B.Tech (2014-18)
3 Continent program of Amity University is truly unique & amazing. It gave me a very good exposure and glimpse of how the world really works and specially how I can contribute more to it. All the academic & industry visits were very enriching and I specially learnt a lot from our visit to Jaguar factory as it gave me a different angle to look at as a Mechanical Engineer through the lens & constant guidance of accompanying faculty members. Their support is continuous and very helpful to understand any point where we get stuck. I will strongly recommend that every student must spend such a semester abroad as it is an experience of a lifetime - one I am glad not to have missed.
Rajat Satender Rathour, 3C B.Tech (2014-18)
Amity University Uttar Pradesh provided me with a great opportunity to study in London, United Kingdom as a part of the 3 Continent programme and I got to explore various cross cultures in different horizons. I got to study in London and became more enlightened by reputed academicians like Prof. Anthony Baisel who taught us Business Technology & Prof. Geroge who was the chief design engineer for Jaugar S class and gave me a deep understanding about fundamentals of Design of Mechanical engineering. The entire program was an amazing experience and I would recommend it to all who want to evolve further by learning International standards in best of guidance to create a better future.
Tanya Mittal (3-Continent MBA) 2013-15
I was very hesitant to choose the 3C Program in the starting but it was totally worth it!
The program gave me a huge exposure and helped me grow in every aspect be it academic, social or business wise. Travelling to US, London and interacting with people from different cultures was a life changing experience. After completing my Education, I started my own E-commerce portal wherein I deal in selling of Books and Stationery products all over the world.
Pranjali Baghel MBA 3C (Bath 2014-16)
from Amity University, Uttar Pradesh (AIBS); provided me with an immense opportunity to gain global exposure along with on ground experience of cross cultural difference with busing environment in Countries like, Singapore, United Kingdom and USA. Those years taught me a lot about global world and made me a more confident individual.
Upon completion I moved to New Zealand for further specialisation in International Business with a Level-8 course, where my Degree of MBA 3C was of a benefit.
Along with my studies 2017-18 in NZ, I was offered a position in an IT Company to handle accounts and admin. This was the starting point of my career in an International country which I gained due to my background in MBA 3 continent course. Soon after completion of my specialisation I was given the position of Business Office Manager at the same company and was made a permanent employee with sponsorship. I have now decided to move back to India and start my own venture soon.
I’m thankful for all the faculties at AIBS for their ongoing support and helping me realise my dreams.
I chose the MBA 3-Continent program as it is a unique program that offers part of the course in London and New York which enabled to give me a global exposure to my degree. While in London, apart from participating in a different learning environment, I also visited various universities and workshops in and around London. A city with so many cultural and heritage experiences, London is a city that you would never want to leave. Other than exchanging ideas and culture, I also made a few great friends while there from different parts of the world. The second part of the program, which was supposed to happen in New York could not take place due to the pandemic. Yet, Amity University brought alive New York virtually to us through webinars and sessions with our professors from New York. I thank Amity University for providing such a wonderful experience.
The biggest achievement for any student is to get placed in their dream company and I realized my dream when I got placed in Deloitte. All my faculties and the IIC helped me prepare for the interview process and always stood by me as my pillars of them. I am extremely grateful to my university for helping me realize my dream.
I BELIEVE THIS PROGRAM IS UNIQUE AND WONDERFUL IN ASPECT OF SHAPING THE SITUATION OF STUDENTS.
THIS PROGRAMME HELPS INTO GAINED CONFIDENCE AND LEARNING THE VARIOUS DYNAMIC OF CROSS CULTURE, ECONOMIC CONDITIONS & TECHNOLOGY AND VARIOUS BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES.
I REALLY APPRECIATE MY ENTIRE FACULTY MEMBER ESPECIALLY "Dr. LOVELEEN KAUR MADAM" OF AIBS FOR GUIDING AND NURTURING ME FROM MY PROGRAMME.
CURRENTLY I M WORKING AS A MARKETING DIRECTOR IN "SURAJ CABLES" AND IS SITUATED IN INDUSTRIAL AREA, NARELA , NEW DELHI -11040.
THE COMPANY DEFINES MANUFACTURING OF CABLES AND WIRES SUCH AS ARMOURED AND UNARMOURED ETC.
When I reflect on my 3 years in Amity University, BBA-3 Continent program, I conclude that the experience not only made me a better professional, but also prepared me in unpredictable ways for my career. I benefitted from a global exposure of how business is done in three of the major markets of the world- India, UK and USA.
The program allowed me to understand and appreciate different business cultures and provided me with a much-needed global outlook. It challenged me to discover a voice I didn’t know I had. That voice has played a significant role in my work, as speaking is vital to thinking, to organizing, to imagination, to communication, and to engagement.
Having been shaped in part by the collegial and creative, yet rigorous, environment at Amity University, I found myself able to communicate, innovate and collaborate in ways that enabled me to build a successful foundation for my growth, and eventually to find a rewarding Analytics career as a student in one of world’s best business college- The University of Warwick, United Kingdom.
Amity has not only given me a plethora of experiences, but has also instilled in me a value system that shapes everything I do in life.
ANMOL MITTAL BBA – 3 continents (Batch – 2013 – 16)
“ The learning process continues until the day you die”
The academic experience with an excellent faculty and a world class infrastructure at Amity University has endured me with lifelong career excellence. The all time motivation and support of the faculty has enlightened me throughout this beautiful journey. The 3 Continent course has given me self- confidence and international exposure which has made me work ethically and has made sure to make me thrive every day. The opportunities offered has no boundaries. The business sense and the knowledge gained whilst staying in the UK and US helps me conquer my work on a daily basis both, theoretically and practically.
Managing Director, Vardaan Eye Hospital, Kashipur.
I am glad to be a part of the Amity Family. Amity provided me with an opportunity to visit London and New York as a 3 Continental program. This course benefited me in understanding various cultures and their work environment; which expanded my knowledge and made me a globally competent professional. The University has an excellent placement program, which helped me get placed at BYJU’s. I take this opportunity to thank all my mentors for helping me to become a better being at both a professional and personal front.
NEHA CHAUHAN BBA – 3 Continents, Batch : 2013-16
Amity offers headway to their students. The culture of Amity is very vibrant and diverse as a student from all different culture come together and a whole array experience comes in. All the Faculty members, mentors and Amity family have been a great assist and a strong support. I will cherish the memories I shared with this place. I have built a strong selfdom because of the experience I have gained in 3C course and got a global exposure even before completion of my course by getting many career preferment opportunities in UK and US. I have gained an acquaintance about business culture because of the various company visits organised by amity in US, UK and India. Amity provides us both on theory as well as practical exposure. Currently I am working, in a LED TV manufacturing company (NITCO TECHNOLOGY, NOIDA) as a Vice President and applying my speculation and experience in my projects and also working with Chinese companies for import and export of goods.
Vasu Sharma, 3C B.Tech (2014-18)
Simply put, I cannot imagine a better study abroad experience than the one that Amity University provided under the umbrella of 3C program. Its adds up to a great and unique learning experience wherein we were not only taught by best of foreign faculty with a great pedagogy, but also got excellent exposure and learning from industry visits and networking with foreign students in good International Universities.
Mayank Sangwan, 3C B.Tech (2014-18)
I chose Amity University 3C Program because of its uniqueness. Academically and socially this program has a very unique proposition to deliver. We have been taught by Professors from all around the world and have been privileged to get such a wonderful opportunity to learn from such intellectual minds in different cross cultural settings. There is so much to see, explore & imbibe from these multicultural cities that I can confidently say that choosing the 3C continent program is the best decision I’ve ever made.
Gajendra Khatana, 3C B.Tech (2014-18)
When you travel for studying & learning abroad, you do not just come to exchange ideas with the citizens of that country but with people from all around the world in a very different contextual setting. This experience and exposure for me was made possible because of Amity’s 3C program, memories of which still leave me mesmerised. It is unbelievable how within a short span of a few months, you establish a network of a lifetime while broadening your horizon and multiplying the opportunities for better personal & professional development.
Prashant Chaudhary, 3C B.Tech (2014-18)
I feel blessed to have received the best of opportunities that were only possible through my choice of Amity’s 3 continent program. It is of course very important to remember that leveraging these opportunities is in our best interest specially as time seems to fly when you are in such wonderful countries like UK & US. Travelling abroad, being taught in different ways, meeting new people, looking at diverse ways of doing business, trying to adjust to new climatic conditions - these are only few of the ways in which the 3 Continent program can help. It certainly has to be experienced to be believed.
Gitesh Dahiya, 3C B.Tech (2014-18)
I was fascinated by how much different a change of country can make to the way we study & learn. Amity in particular offers a warm and hearty atmosphere with the opportunity to study abroad through its 3 Continent Program and overall it was a very wholesome experience for me to enrol & go abroad through this program.
Aashna Tanwir Rahaman, 3C B.Tech (2014-
Encountering the way of life & business practices of another nation, gaining from and interacting with individuals from around the globe, practically experiencing culturally & economically different economies, the scholarly community, and research in real life - these and many more contributed to every one of the dream which transformed into reality for me through the Three Continent Program (3C) of Amity University, for which I am truly grateful. The entire experience was a standout amongst the most novel concepts I have known about. Overall, the amount to be gained and learnt from was so much more that any I could ever have requested for.
Aastha Gautam, 3C B.Tech (2014-18)
I am very grateful to Amity University for giving the opportunity to experience study abroad through 3C programme. Besides the obvious fascination of seeing such well developed cities & economies, the program has helped me in getting a unique exposure and knowing that how engineering is studied in different regions in different forms, not only in theory but more so practically. This will definitely help me in all future endeavours.
Aparajita, 3C B.Tech (2014-18)
Choosing the 3C program was one of the best decisions that I took while joining Amity! Going abroad has not only helped me to broaden my horizon but has also given me immense practical knowledge of the world. We had best of lectures, visits and projects that left me amazed to see how engineering studies are similar yet so very different across various regions of the world. The entire perspective has presented me with many new & innovative ideas to plan my life ahead.
Deepanshu Singh, 3C B.Tech (2014-18)
I am grateful to Amity University for giving me a most golden opportunity of learning & studying through 3 Continent Program. The kind of exposure and outcomes received have also helped me understand the potential of studying abroad and I am confident that now I will be able to take better decisions for my further studies & career. I am glad that I took the decision to opt for this program, which has widened my abilities and would help me in future endeavours.
Amity’s Semester in New York
Amity 3 Continent Students in USA
3C Semester in New York
Amity New York Campus Walk through
Holi Celebrations at New York
3 Continent Program UK
UK experience sharing BJMC (3C) Student
Interview of Dr. Anand Kumar, Deputy Chief Executive, Union Bank of India, UK by Amity 3 Continent Students (2014-17)
Interview of Councillor Bhagwanji Chohan, Mayor, Brent Council UK by Amity 3 Continent Students (2014-17):
The Amity University has been established by an act of State Legislature and recognized by University Grants C...
• Biotechnology
• Amity Universe

Source: https://amity.edu/greaternoida/3continent/