G This is in Policy (SU per secti Entrepren Models/Ve benefit to General ru Sharda U entrepren entrepren Credit be semesters of credits • For • For Students w time they for credit student e Both join number o relaxed w having mo member n school de G uidelines reference U-ISP 2020 ion 3 (Nu neurs ma entures af o the stude u les U niversity neurial an neurs to ac nefits cou s in PG pro s in the me r idea to p r MPV to Ea will able t y will take t transfers ntreprene t and ind of collabora with a spe ore than t need to be an prior to s to Apply to the ste ) notified urturing In ay earn fter prope ents have b nurtures d innovat ccomplish ld be avai ogrammes. entioned se re-MPV sta arly Tracti to avail cre benefit of s. Accordi ur in each ividual ap ators shou ecial perm three mem e submitte o commenc & Avail th e ps taken t vide SU/R nnovations credits r assessme been prepa entrepren tion values the above led during . Students emesters. age ion Stage edit benef f maximum ngly, a be programm pplication uld not be mission fro mbers in a ed to the o cement of h e Credit t owards im Reg/Notific and Sta for work ent of the ared by th neurship a s. The un objective 3 rd /4 th /5 will apply fits maxim m two or th enefit of t me. are allowe more than om Dean A team and office of D the semes Benefits b m plementi cation/202 rt-ups) cl king on e work don he committ and streng niversity o . 5 th semeste y for the fo um two ti hree credit total four ed. In the n three. N Academic d well-defi Dean Acade ster. b y Student ng the SU- 21/10 date ause vi o innovativ ne. The gu tee constit gthens stu offers cred ers in UG p ollowing st mes in eac ts dependi /six credi e case of onetheless Affairs. ined role o emic Affai t Entrepre - Innovation ed January of this po ve protot uidelines t tuted for t udents' an dit benefi programme tages to ta ch program ing on cour ts can be joint app s, this con Proper jus of each in irs through e neur n and Star y 27, 2021 olicy, Stud types/Busi to extend the purpose nd employ ts to stud es and 2 nd ake advant mme and e rses identi availed b lication, t dition may stification ndividual te h the offic t-up . As dent ness this e. yees' dent /3 rd tage each ified by a total y be for eam ce of

1. Course identification School/Department will identify courses against which student entrepreneurs will apply for credit benefits. These courses may be chosen from the pool of open electives, minor projects, research projects, seminar papers, and term papers etc. Course identification process must be completed three months prior to commencement of the semester and identified courses must be communicated to the office of Dean Academics for approval through Dean of the school. School will notify the list of approved courses and initiate the application process by asking expression of interest from the students. Application process, screening and selection of applications must be completed at least two weeks prior to commencement of the semester. Record of shortlisted students along with the list of approved courses should be shared with the office of Controller of Examination immediately after completion of selection procedure and these students should get registered with the incubation facility within first week of beginning of the semester. 2. Orientation programme a. Sharda Launchpad will organise a six-hour orientation programme spread over two days for the shortlisted student entrepreneurs in the beginning of each semester. b. In the orientation programme, administrative rules and regulations along with opportunities and challenges will be discussed in detail. 3. Evaluation a. Performance of students will be evaluated using both formative (continuous assessment) and summative assessments (end term assessment). However, continuous and end term assessments will carry 75 and 25 marks, respectively. b. Students need to submit progress report fortnightly. Presentations on these progress reports will be the part of continuous assessment. c. At end of the semester, students present a detailed report of the work done to the

review committee of the school. End term assessment will be based on this detailed report. d. Rubric based assessment will be done for both continuous and end term assessments. Suggested rubrics should be vetted by experts and entrepreneurs belonging to the established start-ups. e. Both the assessments will be done by the school level review committee. This committee will comprise of both external and internal members. Industry experts and entrepreneurs will be preferred for external member. f. Rules of FI and FR will be applicable as per examination guidelines of the university. --

Stage 1 Rubrics for assessment of fortnightly milestones Idea to Prototype Stage Below Average Average Good Very Good Define and Validate the Idea/Problem statement Idea/Problem Statement not clear Statement defined but not validated Statement defined, Data size for Validation not sufficient Statement well defined and validated Value proposition canvas through market validation Value Proposition not identified or weakly written Value proposition written but not validated Validation data is weak or not relevant Value proposition well written and validated Market segmentation with go- to- market strategy Market segmentation without proper customer persona Market segmentation but customer personal identified, no strategy prepared Market segmentation done but strategy is weak or not relevant to customer persona Market segmentation with matching strategy Financial Plan No cashflow projections prepared Cash flow (with sales/income and revenue projections) prepared but no supporting data Cash flow projections prepared and supported with data Complete financial plan with sales, income, expenses, revenue, profit and loss with supporting data Business model Business model prepared partially or not prepared Business model prepared but elements not matching Business model prepared but not justified with data Business model prepared and justified Presentation - Pitch Pitch deck not prepared Pitch deck prepared but pitch presentation is not well organised has many formating issues, not easily readable Pitch presentation is organised but more can be done on making pitch presentation better Pitch presentationis uniform with regualr formating , no issues Pitch- Report Pitch deck report not prepared Pitch report presented but it lacks proper formating, and is not organised, not very relevant to project Pitch report is organised and formatted but more can be done to explain the project details Pitch report is organised and formatted and it explain the project in detail Pitch Content Pitch content not prepared Pitch content presented but not well organised Pitch Content is organised in relevant heading but more can be done in terms of content to clearly define the project, some more data and research can be done Well researched, well organised pitch content Score on a scale of 10 Below Average 0 - 3 Average 4 - 6 Good 7 - 8 Very Good 9 - 10

Stage 2 Rubrics for assessment of fortnightly milestones For MPV to Early Traction Stage Below Average Average Good Very Good Presence on digital media and connecting with stakeholders from the related domain. Any one of (Website, Facebook page, LinkedIn page, Instagram, Google profile) digital media profile NOT CREATED Digital media profile CREATED BUT NOT REGULAR UPADATED Digital media profile CREATED AND REGULAR UPADATED Digital media profile CREATED AND REGULAR UPADATED AND GETTING A GOOD RESPONSE by regular visitors Response/feedback of initial customers/users. NOT REACHED POTENTIAL CUSTOMERS REACHED POTENTIAL CUSTOMERS but do not have an effective medium to collect Response/feedback of initial customers/users. REACHED POTENTIAL CUSTOMERS have an effective medium to collect Response/feedback of initial customers/users, but responding to customer for their feedback , no proper analysing feedback REACHED POTENTIAL CUSTOMERS have an effective medium to collect Response/feedback of initial customers/users, good responding to customer for their feedback , analysing feedback and working on it effectively Updated market size and go- to- market strategy. Not calculated the market size with No go-to- market strategy Calculated the market size but not accurately, there are some key points missing; go-to-market strategy made but not clearly defined Accurately calculated and understood the market size, market saturation, and had a clear go-to- market strategy; Proper implementation is pending Have an updated market size based on proper calculation with authentic data as base, with a clear go to market strategy, proper implementation has been started Updated business model. NO ANSWER OF ANY ONE OF THEM! What is your business model? Unbundling? Longtail? Multi-sided platform? Freemium ? Bait & Hook? Open Innovation? How will you make money (is it monetizable) ? Where is the money coming from, and how often? Is it something that is purchased? Is it a subscription? Do you make money off advertising on the platform or network? Is it B2B, B2C? What is the expected Customer Lifetime Value (CLV)? What is the expected Customer Acquisition Cost (CAC)? HAVE ANSWER OF MOST OF THEM BUT NOT SATISFACTORY AND WELL RESEARCHED! HAVE SATISFACTORY ANSWER OF MOST OF THEM BUT NOT ALL QUESTIONS ARE ANSWERED! HAVE SATISFACTORY ANSWER OF ALL QUESTIONS! Financial plan with revenue streams, opex break even and profit and loss projections. No Financial plan with revenue streams, opex break even and profit and loss projections. Have a financial plan but not clearly stating the revenue streams, opex break even and profit and loss projections. Have Financial plan with revenue streams, opex break even and profit and loss projections but data on which all these are made is not accurate and it can be made more accurate by doing some work Perfect Financial plan with revenue streams, opex break even and profit and loss projections with well organised and authentic data and calculations

Market strategy with month- on- month and annual growth plan. No Market Strategy , no annual growth plan have Market strategy with month- on-month and annual growth plan, but it is not up to mark have a good Market strategy annual growth plan. Implementation is pending Have a Market strategy with month-on- month and annual growth plan. Implementation has been started based on plan Pitch Deck with journey and 2- year projections. Not done. Weak or uninteresting pitch. Journey not mentioned properly, work not done properly in making 2-year plan Interesting pitch, Journey mentioned properly, Under progress. Some pitches need work. Pitch with all formatting done, Proper story line stating the journey, valid 2 - year projections based on data and previous work done. (a) Presentation -Pitch Pitch deck not prepared Pitch deck prepared but pitch presentation is not well organised has many formating issues, not easily readable Pitch presentation is organised but more can be done on making pitch presentation better Pitch presentation is uniform with regular formatting , no issues (b) Pitch- Report Pitch deck report not prepared Pitch report presented but it lacks proper formatting, and is not organised, not very relevant to project Pitch report is organised and formatted but more can be done to explain the project details Pitch report is organised and formatted and it explain the project in detail ( c)Pitch Content Pitch content not prepared Pitch content presented but not well organised Pitch Content is organised in relevant heading but more can be done in terms of content to clearly define the project, some more data and research can be done Well researched, well organised pitch content Score on a scale of 10 Below Average 0 - 3 Average 4 - 6 Good 7 - 8 Very Good 9 - 10 --

Source: https://www.sharda.ac.in/attachments/sops/Guidelines_to_Apply_Avail_the_Credit_Benefits_by_Student_Entrepreneur1.pdf