• Programme 2025-26
• School of Dental Sciences
School of Medical Sciences & Research
Sharda School of Nursing Science & Research
• School of Medical Sciences & Research
• Sharda School of Nursing Science & Research
Examination Annual Report
Academic Bank of Credits (ABC)
Curricula Feedback
University Brochure
• Examination Annual Report
• Academic Bank of Credits (ABC)
• Curricula Feedback
• University Brochure
Programme Fee
Hostel Fee
Transportation Fee
Scholarship
Innovative Idea Scholarship
• Programme Fee
• Hostel Fee
• Transportation Fee
• Scholarship
• Innovative Idea Scholarship
• Fee Structure for Previous Year Students
• SUAT 2025
Sample Papers
• Sample Papers
Global Knowledge Seekers
• Global Knowledge Seekers
Our Recruiters
• Our Recruiters
Banking And Postal Services
• Banking And Postal Services
Perspective Plan
Leadership
History
Statutory Bodies of the University
Sharda Tenders
Act, Statutes and Ordinances
COVID19
Family & Couple Counselling Services(FCCS)
Capacity Development & Skill Enhancement
Language and Communication Skill Initiatives: Sharda Skills
Soft Skill Initiatives : Career Counseling and Development Center
Awareness of Trends in Technology : IIC
Entrepreneurship
Innovation and Entrepreneurship
• Get to know sharda
• Perspective Plan
• Leadership
• History
• Statutory Bodies of the University
• Sharda Tenders
• Act, Statutes and Ordinances
• COVID19
• Family & Couple Counselling Services(FCCS)
• Capacity Development & Skill Enhancement
• Language and Communication Skill Initiatives: Sharda Skills
• Soft Skill Initiatives : Career Counseling and Development Center
• Awareness of Trends in Technology : IIC
• Entrepreneurship
• Innovation and Entrepreneurship
FM Radio: Suno Sharda-90.8FM
• FM Radio: Suno Sharda-90.8FM
Accommodation Fee
Guidelines for Visa and FRO/FRRO
Guidelines for Medical Insurance
Observership Programmes
• Accommodation Fee
• Guidelines for Visa and FRO/FRRO
• Guidelines for Medical Insurance
• Observership Programmes
Paramarsh- Our Mentoring Portal
• Paramarsh- Our Mentoring Portal
KING'S UNIVERSITY COLLEGE, UNIVERSITY OF WESTERN ONTARIO
Founded in 1954, Kings University College at Western University is a Catholic, liberal arts university college affiliated with a large, world class university. Kings students enjoy “The Best of Both Worlds” - small classes led by outstanding faculty on a small, beautiful campus while enjoying the experiences of being part of a comprehensive university. Kings students have complete access to all the facilities and services at Western University and graduate with a Western degree. As a Catholic university, Kings emphasizes the value of each individual and the importance of social justice. Students from all faiths and backgrounds are most welcome. Respect for the human person is behind our commitment to diversity, accessibility, social justice and to building the common good. An inclusive, supportive community is one of King's greatest strengths.
Curtin University Of Technology
Administrative staff - 3,689 Started in 1966 ties with 90 exchange universities in 20 countries 95 specialists centres/courses 5-star university as per the QS Stars university ratings Largest University in Western Australia.
Taipei Medical University
Taipei Medical University in Taiwan is located in Taipei's Xinyi District. Founded as Taipei Medical College in 1960, it was renamed as Taipei Medical University in 2000. It underwent the processes to building the foundation, flourishing, expansion and transformation via innovation.
Tamansiswa University
Universitas Sarjanawiyata Taman Siswa Yogyakarta is a university in Yogyakarta City in Indonesia.
Telecom Ecole de Management
Institut Mines-Télécom Business School is a French state-funded Management School, a member of Institut Mines-Telecom, the number one group of engineering and management graduate schools in France.
University of Al Nahreen
Nahrain University (Arabic), (also known as Al-Nahrain University), is a coeducational public university established in 1987 and located in Baghdad, Iraq. The university offers undergraduate and postgraduate education as well as research opportunities. From 1987 to the 2003 Invasion of Iraq, the university was known as Saddam University which was then changed to its current name "Nahrain" meaning The Two Rivers (as in the two rivers of Iraq: Tigris and Euphrates).
University of Alexandria
Alexandria University (Arabic:‎) is a public university in Alexandria, Egypt. It was established in 1938 as a satellite of Fouad University (the name of which was later changed to Cairo University), becoming an independent entity in 1942. It was known as Farouk University until the Egyptian Revolution of 1952 when its name was changed to the University of Alexandria. Taha Hussein was the founding rector of Alexandria University. It is now the second largest university in Egypt and has many affiliations to various universities for ongoing
University of Babylon
The University of Babylon is a university located in Babylon, Iraq. It consists of 20 colleges within three compounds, located seven kilometers south of the city of Hillah, in Babylon Province.
University of Baltimore
The University of Baltimore is a public university and member of the University System of Maryland located in midtown Baltimore, Maryland, in the Mt. Vernon neighborhood at 1420 N.
University of Illinois
The University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign is a public research university in Illinois and the ... The campus library system possesses the second-largest university library in the United States by holdings after Harvard University.
University of Bremen
The University of Bremen (German Universität Bremen) is a public university in Bremen, Germany, with approximately 23,500 people from 115 countries. It is one of 11 institutions which were successful in the category "Institutional Strategies" of the Excellence Initiative launched by the Federal Government and the Federal States in 2012. The university was also successful in the categories "Graduate Schools" and "Clusters of Excellence" of the initiative.
University of Finance and Administration
The University of Finance and Administration is a private business school in the Czech Republic. It was founded by the Bank Academy and Czech Coal Group in 1999 and was one of the first private business schools in the country.
Royal Melbourne Institute Of Technology (Rmit)
Founded in 1887 83,024+ students Grown to 87 buildings Academic staff - 4947 Spread across 7,800,000 sq ft.
University of Idaho
The University of Idaho is a public university in Moscow, Idaho. It is the state's land-grant and primary research university. The University of Idaho was the state's sole university for 71 years, until 1963, and its College of Law, established in 1909,
University of Malta
The University of Malta is the highest educational institution in Malta. It offers undergraduate bachelor's degrees
University of Missouri at Kansas City
The University of Missouri-Kansas City (UMKC) is a public research university in Kansas City, .... In the 2015 U.S. News and World Report Best Colleges rankings,
University of Muhammadiyah Sumatera Utara
Universitas Muhammadiyah Sumatera Utara (UMSU) adalah salah satu Perguruan Tinggi Swasta di Medan Sumatra Utara. UMSU merupakan salah satu kampus terbaik di Medan,
University of Mustansiriah
Mustansiriyah University (Arabic) is a university in Baghdad, Iraq. The original Mustansiriya Madrasah,
University of New York Tirana
University of New York Tirana is an accredited private higher education institution in Tirana
University of Raparin
The University of Raparin is a public university in Ranya, in the Sulaymaniyah Governorate of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq.
University of Tennessee at Chattanooga
The University of Tennessee at Chattanooga, is a public university located in Chattanooga, Tennessee, United States.
University of The Gambia
The University of The Gambia admits students from Africa, Europe, Asia and other parts of the world. In its quest to deliver excellence,
University of Warsaw
The University of Warsaw is the largest university in Poland and a leading research centre in the country.
Hochschule Bremerhaven - University Of Applied Sciences
3091 students from 66 nations
150 employees in teaching and administration
There are altogether four storeys with an area of 2500 m² used for classrooms, self-study rooms, a School Laboratory.
University of Wasit
DescriptionUniversity of Wasit is one of the Iraqi Universities established in 2003 in Al Kut, Wasit, Iraq.
University of Western Ontario
The University of Western Ontario, corporately branded as Western University as of 2012 and commonly shortened to Western,
Vetha Center for Transdisciplinary Studies
At Vetha Center we believe in tuition-free education, modeled after educational ... research, knowledge exchange.
Victoria University
DescriptionVictoria School of Management, formerly known as Victoria University, is a private,
Wachemo University
Wachemo University in Hosaena, Ethiopia - Wachemo University Wachemo University (WCU) is one of the public higher educational institutions
Wuchang University of Technology
Wuchang University of Technology (the former WUST, Zhongnan Branch) is a ... in the southeast part of Wuhan in Central China's Hubei province, the university .
Xi'an Eurasia University began in 1995 as a simple Language training school and now has grown ... Around 22,000 Chinese students fill this campus each year.
Zhengzhou Normal University
Zhengzhou University colloquially known in a Chinese as Zhèngdà is a public university located in Zhengzhou, Henan, People's Republic of China.
Huanghuai University
Established in 1972, Huanghuai University is a higher education institution located in the medium-sized city of Zhumadian (population range of 500,000-1,000,000 inhabitants), Henan. Officially accredited and/or recognized by the Department of Education, Henan Province, Huanghuai ...
Jinan University
Jinan University is a public research and comprehensive university based in Tianhe District,
American College Of Greece
Europes oldest (and largest) U.S.-accredited academic institution
64-acre main campus in Athens suburb of Aghia Paraskevi
27 undergraduate majors; 40 minors; 20 graduate degree Programmes
Over 2800 graduate and undergraduate students
Over 450 international students from more than 67 countries
Over 52,000 alumni
Stembi College of Economic Science
The Indonesian Institute of Sciences is the governmental authority for science and research in Indonesia.
Widya Nusantara Palu College of Health Science
This is a list of universities, colleges, polytechnics and other higher educational institutions in ... Polytechnic, which offers vocational degrees in various sciences and .... College of Health Sciences Ahmad Yani Yogyakarta, Sekolah Tinggi Ilmu .
Islamic College of Economic Science
Economics, Science of Economics, and Islamic Economics ... Islamic economics has gained serious attention from various circles in Indonesia, ... used as a study program, either Islamic Higher Education (IHE) nor General College.
Pasundan University
The State of Pasundan was a federal state (negara bagian) formed in the western part of the ... Pasundan became a federal state of the United States of Indonesia in 1949 but was incorporated into ... Kahin, George McTurnan (1970), Nationalism and Revolution in Indonesia,
Ypbhk Breber Midwifery Academy
Akademi Kebidanan YPBHK Brebes adalah salah satu Universitas yang ..
Banten College of Health Science
BANTEN SCHOOL HEALTH OF SCIENCE, Bumi Serpong, Jawa Barat, Indonesia. College & University.
Widya Husada Semarang College of Health Science
Widya Husada School of Health Sciences
Khusnul Aini. School Nurse at Widya Husada School of Health Sciences. Location: Semarang Area, Central Java, Indonesia; Industry: Higher Education ...
Bani Saleh Bekasi College of Health Science
Harapan Bangsa University
Jul 10, 2019 - Universitas Harapan Bangsa (Sebelumnya STIKES Harapan Bangsa Purwokerto) di Banyumas, Jawa Tengah. ... yang tergabung dalam Himpunan Perguruan Tinggi Kesehatan Indonesia (HPTKes) berkunjung ke India .
Duta Dharma Pati Midwifery Academy
Academy midwefery Duta Dharma Pati, Pati, Jawa Tengah, Indonesia. ... Academy midwefery Duta Dharma Pati. College & University. "DUTADHARMA MIDWIFERY ACADEMY"
National Polytechnic Institute Of Mexico
It is one of the largest public universities in Mexico with 171,581 students
The institute consists of 98 academic units offering 293 courses
2More than 17,534 academic staff and 10,383 administrative staff
It's main campus is on approximately 530 acres (2.1 km2) north Mexico City
Karya Husada Semarang College of Health Science
Health Science College of Karya Husada Semarang, Semarang, Indonesia. College & University.
Guna Bangsa Yogyakarta College of Helath Science
The journal contents are managed by the health analyst (medical of laboratory ... of radiodiagnostic, College of Health Sciences Guna Bangsa Yogyakarta.
Tamalatea Makassar College of Helath Science
Selamat datang di website resmi kampus STIK Tamalatea Makassar. ... tinggi swasta pertama di Kawasan Indonesia Timur yang membuka program pendidikan ...
Insan Cendekia Medika Jombang College of Health Science
Insan Cendekia Medika Jombang, Jombang, Jawa Timur, Indonesia. 840 likes. Medical School.
Gabes University
The University of Gabès is a public university located in southern Tunisia with headquarters in Gabès.
Teesside University
Teesside University is a public university with its main campus in Middlesbrough, Teesside in North East England. It has 18,576 students, according to the 2015/16 HESA student record
Western Sydney University
Western Sydney University, formerly the University of Western Sydney, is an Australian multi-campus university in the Greater Western region of Sydney.
Areandina University
Phone, Suggest a phone number ... Universidad del area Andina - Bogotá - Colombia, Bogotá, Colombia. 8 likes. College & University.
Ministry of Higher Education of Uzbekistan
The Ministry of Higher and Secondary-Specialized Education of the Republic of Uzbekistan was formed by the President's Decree dated January 7, 1990.
University Antonio Narino
The Antonio Nariño University (UAN) is a Colombian, private and comprehensive university, founded in 1976. The UAN is committed to democratizing ...
Ural Federal University
The number of full-time students studying at UrFU exceeds 33,000 from 80 countries of the world
More than 4,200 teachers
360 Russian and English-taught educational Programmes are provided by 17 institutes
More than 300,000 people have graduated from the University.
The International School of Medicine is a medical school in Kyrgyzstan established in 2003.
APUIHEA Association of private universities
Association of Private Universities and Institutes of Higher Education in Afghanistan, thereafter “APUIHEA” is a national
Nile University
Nile University of Nigeria is a private university in Abuja, Federal Capital Territory of Nigeria
Romanian American University
DescriptionThe Romanian-American University is a private university in Bucharest, Romania
King's College is a private business school situated at Babarmahal, Kathmandu,
La Trobe University
La Trobe University is an Australian multi-campus public research university with its flagship campus located in the Melbourne suburb of Bundoora. The university was established in 1964, becoming the third university in the state of Victoria and the twelfth university in Australia. La Trobe is one of the Australian verdant universities and also part of the Innovative Research Universities group.
Universitas Islam Syekh-Yusuf
Universitas Islam Syekh-Yusuf (UNIS) Tangerang pada tahun 2018 ini telah memasuki usia 52 tahun. Sebuah perjalanan yang sangat panjang bagi sebuah ...
Jami University
Jamayat-E-Islami sometimes shortened to Jamiat, is a Muslim political party in Afghanistan. The oldest Muslim political party in Afghanistan, it was originally formed as a student political society at Kabul University.
Federal Polytechnic, Oko is a Nigerian polytechnic based in Oko, Anambra State. It was previously known as College of Arts, Science and Technology.
Tertiary Education Commission of Mauritius
The Tertiary Education Commission has as objects to promote, plan, develop and coordinate post-secondary education in Mauritius and to implement an ...
Purbanchal University
Purbanchal University, a public university in Biratnagar, was established in 1993 by the Government of Nepal with its fundamental objective of preserving, refining, inventing
Lincoln American University
Lincoln American University, School of Medicine, also known as LAU, is a for-profit private medical university based in Guyana, Caribbean. LAU is registered with the National Accreditation Council of Guyana.
National University of Tres de Febrero
The National University of Tres de Febrero is an Argentine national university
Huawei Technologies reviews in Almaty, Kazakhstan. A free inside look at company reviews and salaries posted anonymously by ...
LLC Scientific and Technical Center SOTSB
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Science_and_Technology_Center_in_Ukraine
The Science and Technology Center in Ukraine commonly known as the STCU
LLP Special Design Technological Bureau
Kazakhstan Patent and Trademark Attorney, Eurasian Patent Attorney ... Graduate of the Kazakh National Technical University as engineer in metal sciences ...
St. Petersburg National Information Research University
ITMO University official logo horizontal.png. ITMO University (Russian ITMO: Information Technologies, Mechanics and Optics) is a large state university in Saint Petersburg and is one of Russia's National Research Universities.
RSE Karaganda State Industrial University
Karaganda State Medical University is one of the leading medical university of the Republic of Kazakhstan
JSC National Center for Space Research and Technology
JSC “National Center of Space Researches and Technologies” is 10 years old ... under the aegis of Kazcosmos «Space: science and technology» devoted to ... Chairman of Kazakh National Space Agency Talgat Mussabayev ...
University of Cordoba,
The University of Córdoba, is a university in Córdoba, in Andalusia, Spain, chartered in 1972. It offers undergraduate and postgraduate studies in humanities, social sciences, health sciences, natural sciences and engineering.
JSC International University
Ministry of Education and Science “Center for International Programs” established as ... hundreds of universities from all over world in the largest cities of Kazakhstan. ... The Center carries out information work in Kazakhstan on international ...
university of almeria
The University of Almería is a public university situated in Almería, Spain. Located on the shore of the Mediterranean Sea, it belongs to the La Cañada de San Urbano district of Almería City. In 2008 the University offered 38 different degree programmes, with 871 lecturers, and 11,628 students.
university of monterrey
The University of Monterrey is a private Roman Catholic institution of higher learning located in Monterrey, Mexico
Gannan Medical University
Located in Ganzhou, a famous historical and cultural city in south of Jiangxi province and beside Beijing-Kowloon Railway, Gannan Medical University (GMU) is the only medical university of Bachelor Degree in Jiangxi province. Professor Han Jisheng, an academician of China Science Academy, works as the honorary president of GMU. GMU was founded as Ganxian Advanced Midwifery Vocational School of Jiangxi Province in 1941, developed to Gannan Medical Technical School in August 1958 and was updated to GMU in April 1988.
University of Piraeus
The University of Piraeus is a Greek public university located in Piraeus, Athens, Greece with a total of nine academic departments focused mainly on Business Management, Economics, Finance, Information Technology, Maritime Studies, and Statistics
Manisa Celal Bayar University
Manisa Celal Bayar University or is a public research university located in Manisa, Turkey. CBU traces its root back to 1959 as an independent sports and teachers' college in Manisa. The main campus is in Muradiye district of Manisa. The university is composed of 14 colleges, 3 schools, and 15 vocational schools.
UCES University
UCES University, Argentina
Wuhan University
Wuhan University is in Wuhan, Hubei. It is one of the most prestigious and selective universities in China, which has been selected as a Chinese Ministry of Education Class A Double First Class University.
University of Sagrado Coracao
Established in 1953, Universidade do Sagrado Coração (Sacred Heart University) is a non-profit private higher education institution located in the small city of Bauru (population range of 250,000-499,999 inhabitants), Sao Paulo. Officially accredited and/or recognized by the Ministério da Educação, Brazil (Ministry of Education, Brazil), Universidade do Sagrado Coração (USC) is a coeducational higher education institution formally affiliated with the Christian-Catholic religion.
University of Central Arkansas
The University of Central Arkansas is a public research university in Conway, Arkansas. Founded in 1907 as the Arkansas State Normal School, the university is one of the oldest in the U.S. state of Arkansas.
Letourneau University
Letourneau University, USA
College of Law and Business
The College of Law and Business is a private college in Ramat-Gan, Israel. It was established in 1995 by members of the law faculty of Hebrew University of Jerusalem. The president is Moshe Cohen-Eliya.
Istanbul Aydin University
Istanbul Aydn University is a private university founded on May 18, 2007 in Istanbul, Turkey by extension of its predecessor, the vocational college of Anadolu BIL that existed since September 26, 2003. The university is a technology center built on an area of 175,000 m²
University of Cyprus
The University of Cyprus is a public research university established by the Republic of Cyprus in 1989. It admitted its first students in 1992 and has approximately 7000 students.
ADA University
DA was established in 2006, transformed into university by the decree of President in 2014 and is accredited by the Ministry of Education of the Republic of Azerbaijan.
ADA University is dedicated to preparing innovative global leaders and to promoting useful collaborative research on diplomacy, public and international affairs, business, humanities and sciences, information technologies and system engineering.
Istanbul Sehir University
Istanbulehir University is a private, non-profit university located in Istanbul, Turkey. It was established in 2008 by the Bilim ve Sanat Vakf?.
City Unity College / Cardiff Metropolitan University campus in Cyprus
Karabuk University
Karabük University is a public university in Karabük, Turkey. It was founded in 2007 as one of the 17 new universities of that time in Turkey.
Eurasian National University
The L. N. Gumilyov Eurasian National University, is a Kazakh national research university and largest institution for higher education in Nur-Sultan. The university was founded on 23 May 1996 as the result of merger of Akmola Civil Engineering Institute and Akmola Pedagogical Institute. It was named L. N.
3IL Groupe in France. Get all info about the school, programs and application process. Save time and contact the school here!
Ahfad University for Women
Ahfad University for Women is a private women's university in Omdurman, Sudan. that was founded in 1966, by Yusuf Badri, son of the Mahdist soldier, Babiker Badri. The University began with only 23 students and 3 teachers. It was the first Sudanese women's college.
al mustaqbal university college
American College of Thessaloniki
Create your Future Self at the American College of Greece. Register now online! It is never too late to pursue your Dreams. Learn more here! Study Abroad Program. Scholarships. Internship Opportunities.
Arkansas State University
Arkansas State University is a public research university in Jonesboro, Arkansas. It is the flagship campus of the Arkansas State University System and the second largest university in Arkansas by enrollment. It was founded in 1909 and is located atop 1,376 acres on Crowley's Ridge.
Bakhtar University
Bakhtar University is an established private university in Afghanistan. It is in the capital city, Kabul. The university has developed a research and development cell and will issue its first journal, Bakhtar Journal of Advance Research, soon.
Solbridge Business School, Woosong University
SolBridge prepares students to be the Next Generation of Asian Thought Leaders in the fast growing and rapidly changing Asian economy.
Beijing Wuzi University
Beijing Wuzi University is a higher education institution based in the capital of China, Beijing.
Catholic University of Uruguay
Catholic University of Uruguay is a private university in Uruguay opened in 1985. It was the only private university in the country for 11 years until 1996.
Catholic University San Antonio Murcia
he Universidad Católica San Antonio, also known as the Universidad Católica de Murcia
Dali University
Dali University is a provincial full-time comprehensive university approved by the Chinese Ministry of Education. It is located in the famous tourist city Dali,
Debre Tabor University
Debre Tabor University, Ethiopia
Dunya University
Dunya University of Afghanistan is a private university established in 2009 in Kabul, Afghanistan in partnership with the Swiss UMEF University.
EUDE Business School es entidad colaboradora de la prestigiosa Universidad Camilo José Cela, una institución que cuenta con un amplio reconocimiento nacional e internacional, posicionada como una de las mejores universidades privadas de España
EURECOM is a French graduate school and a research center in communication systems based in the international science park of Sophia Antipolis within the new Campus SophiaTech, which brings together renowned universities such as TELECOM ParisTech and other European Universities such as the Polytechnic University of Turin, Aalto University (formerly Helsinki University of Technology), Munich University of Technology and the Norwegian University of Science and Technology.
Galway-Mayo Institute of Technology
Galway-Mayo Institute of Technology is a third level institute of education and is based at five locations in the west of Ireland.
Gannan Medical University (GMU) Located in Ganzhou, a famous historical and cultural city in south of Jiangxi province and beside Beijing-Kowloon Railway, Gannan Medical University (GMU) is the only medical university of Bachelor Degree in Jiangxi province. Professor Han Jisheng, an academician of China Science Academy,
Sejong University
Established in 1940, Sejong University is a private higher education institution located in the urban setting of the metropolis of Seoul (population range of over 5,000,000 inhabitants). Officially accredited and/or recognized by the Ministry of Education, Korea, Sejong University (SJU) is a large (uniRank enrollment range 15,000-19,999 students) coeducational higher education institution.
Gannan Normal University
Gannan Normal University (GNU), founded in 1958, is a well-known comprehensive ... Students can come to study Chinese for one semester or one year)
Gestión Educativa Consultores (GEC) is a Spanish Organization that helps students from other countries to access Higher Education studies in Spain.
Ghalib University
Ghalib University web ranking & review including accreditation, study areas, degree levels, tuition range, admission policy, ...
Fujairah is an emirate on the east coast of the United Arab Emirates, lying along the Gulf of Oman. It's known for its beaches and the Hajar Mountains,
Graduate Institute of Science and Management
One of the best among the education institutes in Sri Lanka, GISM Campus is a modern centre for higher studies & research with an ... Massey University graduates are highly recognised in both New Zealand and worldwide. ..
Harare Institute of Technology
Harare Institute of Technology is a Zimbabwean university offering courses mainly in technology.
Hasan Kalyoncu University
Hasan Kalyoncu Üniversitesi (Hasan Kalyoncu University) is a non-profit private higher education institution located in the large city of Gaziantep (
Heriot Watt University
Heriot-Watt University is a public research university based in Edinburgh, Scotland, established in 1821 as the world's first mechanics' institute, subsequently was granted university status by royal charter granted in 1966.
Higher Institute of Management Studies
The Higher Institute of Management Studies (HIMS) is a private Higher Education ... authorized by the Ministry of Higher Education (MINESUP), Cameroon.
University Of The West Of England
he University of the West of England (UWE), located in Bristol, is a modern university with roots that date back to the founding of the 16th century Bristol Society of Merchant Venturers' Navigation School .
Hubei University of Technology
Hubei University of Technology specializing in engineering, was founded in 1952, located in Hugong Residential Community,
Industrial University of Tyumen
DescriptionTyumen State Oil and Gas University is a higher educational institution of Tyumen, one of the largest scientific and educational complexes of Russia including all education levels from the general ...
Institute of Professional Studies
Institute for Professional Studies offer full time training to the interested ... We are the oldest and most experienced training institute in the capital city of Bhutan.
Institute Universitaire de la Cote
Institut Universitaire de la Côte (IUC) est une grande institution privée d'enseignement supérieur dont la vocation est la formation intellectuelle et humaine des
InterNapa College is a private institution of higher education registered with the Ministry of Education & Culture of the Republic of Cyprus to award its own ...
Ithaca College began as a music conservatory in 1892, helping young musicians hone their talents into professional-caliber skills
Jiangxi Science and Technology Normal University
Jiangxi Science and Technology Normal University is a teacher training college located in Nanchang, Jiangxi Province
Jigjiga university
Jigjiga University is a university in Jigjiga town, the capital of the Somali Regional State of Ethiopia
Jinggangshan University
Jinggangshan University is in the Jinggangshan Mountains in Qingyuan District, Ji'an city of Jiangxi province in China.
Kabul University
Kabul University is one of the major and oldest institutions of higher education in Afghanistan. It is located in the 3rd District of the capital Kabul, near the Ministry of Higher Education.
CARDIFF METROPOLITAN UNIVERSITY
CARDIFF Metropolitan University is a thriving, modern University based on two teaching campuses in the capital city of Wales.
Cardiff Metropolitan University traces its heritage to 1865 with the formation of the Cardiff School of Art.
It offers more than 100 different degree programmes.
Kampala International University
Kampala International University Dar es Salaam College is a constituent college of Kampala International University in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania
Kampala International University is a private multi-campus university in Uganda
Marmara University
Marmara University is a public university in the Fatih district of Istanbul, in Turkey.
Mashal University
Mashal University is private university established in 2009, located in the city of Kabul, Afghanistan
Mendel University, Czech Republic
Mendel University in Brno is located in Brno, Czech Republic. It was founded on 24 July 1919 on the basis of the former Tábor Academy. Wikipedia
Mid Western University
Mid Western University is a state-run university in Surkhet, the regional headquarters of the Karnali Province of Nepal, formerly the headquarters of the midwestern development region of Nepal.
Middlesex University
DescriptionMiddlesex University London is a public university in Hendon, north-west London, England
Mogilev A Kuleshov State University
Mogilev State A.Kuleshov University is a large regional educational and scientific centre situated in Mogilev city, Belarus
Moscow University of Law and Business
The business school of the Moscow University of Finance and Law specializes in providing high-quality business education and currently offers "MBA in Strategic Managment", and "Masters in General Management" programs
Naryn State University
Naryn State University was founded in the mountainous place of Naryn on May 22, 1996 by the decree of thefirst President of the Kyrgyz ...
Missouri State University
More than 26,000 students enrolled Universitys main campus, containing over 40 buildings, is located on 225 acres (91.1 ha) in central Springfield Library contains over 877,000 books, subscriptions to over 3,500 periodicals and newspapers 110,000 alumni from around the world Darr Agricultural Center is located on 90 acres (36.4 ha).
National University of Mongolia
The National University of Mongolia is the oldest university in Mongolia, established in 1942 and originally named in honour of Marshal Khorloogiin Choibalsan.
New York College is a group of educational institutions offering high quality multicultural education through its academic collaboration with.
Noman Sadat University
Noman Sadat Institute of Higher Education web ranking ... Find out rankings and reviews of all Universities in Afghanistan.
Northumbria University
Northumbria University, in Newcastle upon Tyne, is an expanding ... further and higher education, industry and commerce throughout the UK, Europe and beyond.
Omdurman Islamic University
Omdurman Islamic University is built on an area of size about 800 feddans in Omdurman, Sudan
Orkhon University
Orkhon University is nonprofit private university in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia. Founder Khajidsuren Nyamaa established the university in 1992 as Orkhon Institute of Foreign Languages and Secretarial Training.
Payap University
Payap University, established in 1974, is a private and non-profit institution founded by the Foundation of the Church of Christ in Thailand.
University of Plymouth
The University of Plymouth is a public university based predominantly in Plymouth, England where the main campus is located, but the university has campuses and affiliated colleges across South West England.
Polytechnic Institute of Leiria
The Polytechnic Institute of Leiria is a public institution of Higher Education that offers courses of training on an Undergraduate Degree, Masters, Post-Graduate
Rajamangala University of Technology Tganyaburi
Rajamangala University of Technology Thanyaburi has been established in the Rajamangala University of Technology Act on 18 January 2005 by including two units together
Sacred Heart University
Over 8,500 full and part-time undergraduate and graduate students More than 281 full-time professors and 520 adjunct professors It has the only American-accredited MBA Programmes in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 24 club sports active on campus
Rana University
RANA University is a higher education University in Afghanistan. The University provides degrees in Information Technology, Software Engineering, Law
RMIT University
RMIT University is an Australian public research university in Melbourne, Victoria. Founded by Francis Ormond in 1887, RMIT began as a night school offering classes in art, science, and technology, in response to the industrial revolution in Australia.
Samara State Technical University
DescriptionSamara State Technical University - Is a higher educational institution in Samara, Russia.
Sari Mutiara University
Universitas Sari Mutiara Indonesia (Sari Mutiara Indonesia University) is a private higher education institution located in the ...
Sejong University is a private university located in Seoul, South Korea. The history of Sejong University dates to 1940 when a trust established the Kyung Sung Humanities Institute.
SIAS International University
Sias University, transliterated Zhengzhou Sias College, and formerly known as Sias International University, is the first solely American-owned post-secondary school in Central China
Sichuan University
Sichuan University is a university in Chengdu, the capital of Sichuan Province, China. It has a long history and many predecessors, of which the earliest one was founded in 1740 with the origin in BCE 141.
Southwest Jiaotong University
Southwest Jiaotong University is located in national central city Chengdu, Sichuan Province, affiliated to the Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China.
Tabesh University
Tabesh was established in 2009, i.e. 1388. As a young and growing University with its license from Afghanistan Ministry of Higher Education. It is located in Lab-e-Jar square of Kabul City.
TAI Madrid School of the Arts, accredited by the Rey Juan Carlos University, is located in the heart of Madrid's historic and art district. It is the only center in Spain ...
• Course Fee
• Recruiters
• Covid 19 Updates
• Sharda University Uzbekistan
• Sharda University Agra
• Courses on Human Values and Professional ethics
• National Cyber Crime Reporting Portal
• International Credit Transfer Programme
85924470
+91-120-4570000
• +91-120-4570000
+91-9205586066
+91-8800998881
• window.fbAsyncInit = function() {
version : 'v5.0'
(function(d, s, id) {
var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;
js.src = 'https://connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk/xfbml.customerchat.js';

Source: https://www.sharda.ac.in/international/international-tie-ups