• About Study In India
• 10 Reasons to Study In India
• Things To Do In India
Courses
• State wise Institute Details
Scholarships & Fellowships
• ICCR Scholarships
• SPDC Scholarship
Pillars of Strength
• Institute of Eminence (IoE)
• Institute of National Importance (INI)
10 Reasons to Study In India
Things To Do In India
• Courses
Explore All Courses
Regular Courses
Short-Term Courses
Skill-Based Courses
• Explore All Courses
• Regular Courses
• Short-Term Courses
• Skill-Based Courses
• Scholarships & Fellowships
ICCR Scholarships
Scholarship Programme for Diaspora Children (SPDC)
Indian Technical and Economic Cooperation Programme(ITEC)
• Scholarship Programme for Diaspora Children (SPDC)
• Indian Technical and Economic Cooperation Programme(ITEC)
• Pillars of Strength
Institute of Eminence (IoE)
Institute of National Importance (INI)
National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC)
National Board of Accreditation (NBA)
Regulatory Bodies in Higher Education
• National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC)
• National Board of Accreditation (NBA)
• Regulatory Bodies in Higher Education
India is God’s own country to explore, with rich traditions, history, culture, and most of these relate
to global & universally-acceptable traditions of education, living and principles i.e., One
Earth, One Family, One Future
Quality Higher Education at Affordable Cost
Experience and Pursue the Academic par Excellence in India
6 Steps to Study in India
Register & get SII ID
Compulsory ID to track foreign student journey in India
Explore from 8000+ Courses
In more than 600+ Indian Institutes
Directly to all Institutions simultaneously
Get Multiple Offer letters
Accept the offer letter best suited to you
Apply for Visa /Student E-Visa
With your SII ID & get fast tracked visa
Register for E-FRRO/ FRRO
Within 14 days of landing in India with SII ID
With a strong network of more than 1000 universities and 42,000 colleges, India is the second-largest
education ecosystem. The current education system is a blend of theoretical & practical yet modern,
and blended learning that enables education at par with the global standards.
India is a land of discoveries and innovations. Its competitive learning environment encourages students
to think out-of-the-box and thrive in their academic journey. With its rich multi-cultural diversity,
India offers an immersive experience in both education and everyday life.
India has a mix of rich cultures and heritage. In addition to attaining inclusive education, there is so much
to explore—from multiple cuisines and distinct, joyful festivals to many forms of music, art, and dance.
Discover India in a Minute
India has mix of rich cultures and heritage. In addition to attaining inclusive education, there is so much
to explore, from multiple cuisines, distinct and joyful festivals to many forms of music, art and dance.
Calling Code +91
States 28
Union Territories 08
Population 1.42 Billion
Academic Year Sep - Jun
Language Hindi, English (Many regional languages)
UNESCO Heritage sites In India 40
What Students Say About Us? Testimonials
Pursuing higher education in India is an opportunity worth taking! I am enjoying every bit of it, be it knowing about different cultures to learning in a comprehensive higher education system.
India has always been close to my heart as I have travelled to few cities during my childhood. So, when I got the chance to study in India through the SII Programme, I was thrilled.
Learning in India, a country with rich culture & heritage is an incredible experience. The well-rounded education enabled by the faculty motivates me to succeed.
Deegoda Gamage Sandaru Nuwanthi
I was anxious about travelling to a new country for higher studies. But when I arrived in India, I found friendly peers who helped me to settle-in, study & explore this remarkable country.
• Reasons to Study in India
• Study in India Brochure
Join our mailing list
• Circulars

Source: https://studyinindia.gov.in/