• MBA
• MCA
• BA (Hons.)
Online Degrees Offered:
• MBA |
• MCA |
• BA (Hons.) |
Online MBA in Finance
This two-year Online MBA in Finance equips learners with the skills needed for managerial and strategic financial roles, focusing on using economic data for informed decision-making.
MBA
2 years
₹1,00,000
Online MBA in Marketing
This two-year Online MBA in Marketing prepares individuals for advanced professional roles by enhancing their product lifecycle management, market research, and brand management skills.
Online MBA in Human Resource Management
This two-year Online MBA in Human Resource Management equips individuals with essential HR skills, including training, recruitment, and performance management, tailored to current industry needs.
Online MBA in Healthcare and Hospital Administration
Our two-year Online MBA in Healthcare and Hospital Administration program is tailored to empower students to thrive in the ever-evolving realm of healthcare administration.
Dr. Avinash Govindrao Bhowate
Niche area: Medical Tourism
Niche area: Corporate Finance
Prof.(Dr.) Raju Ganesh Sunder
Niche area: Performance & Energy Management
Niche area: Service Marketing
Niche area: Circular Economy
Niche area: Public Relations
Niche area: Consumer Behaviour
Niche area: Financial Accounting
Niche area: Internet of Everything
Niche area: Deep learning applications in Healthcare
Niche area: Foreign Policy
Niche area: Administration and Public Policy
Dr. Premendra Kumar Singh
Niche area: Corporate Social Responsibility
Niche area: Information Retrieval
Niche area: Dynamical Multifaceted Systems in Data Science
Niche area: Python programming for Data Science
Niche area: Business Economics
Round-the-clock access to live and recorded lectures to enrich your knowledge.
Access to Exclusive Resources
Our vast repository of online scholarly videos will fulfill your academic requirements
Industry-approved curriculum to enhance relevant competencies for a better future.
Eminent Educators
Learn from experts to get the latest industry insights leading to professional enhancement.
Case studies, simulations, and activities
Access the same extensive library facilities as regular students, including full use of our comprehensive E-library resources.
We're not only here for the course of your academic journey. We've got you covered all the way through!
Students who are about to graduate from their course and want to pursue their dream jobs
• Career mentorship
• Entrepreneur perspectives
Venturing into the professional landscape after your academic journey is a significant step. Here's how Sharda Online will help you:
• Essential tools and support
With SHORE, students can experience a campus-like atmosphere, empowering them to engage in networking, participate in non-academic programs, and get industry exposure.
Explore the Sharda University Life
Ranked amongst the top 86th in India
Ranked 5th in the number of patents granted, according to the India Today Survey
Awarded ISO 9001:2015 certification
Knowledge & Insights for You
Sharda Online is a online learning platform offering a variety of undergraduate, postgraduate, and professional courses. It is part of Sharda University, a renowned educational institution based in India.
Sharda Online is a prestigious institution accredited by NAAC A+, renowned for its dedication to delivering top-tier education through innovative online degree programs. Recognized by the University Grants Commission (UGC), Sharda Online's online degree offerings adhere to rigorous quality standards, ensuring they are equivalent to traditional degrees.
1) Technology-Driven Learning: Benefit from state-of-the-art technology combined with interactive learning methodologies.
2) Outcome-Focused Approach: Acquire practical skills tailored to industry needs through outcome-oriented learning.
3) Wide Range of Electives: Explore over 18 specialized courses to customize your learning experience.
4) Global Reach: Connect with learners worldwide, fostering a diverse and inclusive learning community.
5) Extensive Learning Opportunities: Access more than 2,400 hours of learning materials via our robust Learning Management System (LMS).
6) Holistic Learning: Participate in co-curricular and extra-curricular activities to foster creativity, leadership skills, and community engagement.
7) Career Development and Competence Building with Placement Assistance: Receive guidance and resources to enhance your career prospects, develop essential skills, and access placement assistance.
Enquire Now

Source: https://shardaonline.ac.in/