Two-year MBA is a flagship programme offered by School of Business Management. It is a full time programme designed to equip budding managers in various functional areas of management and also impart them the skills required to succeed in the corporate world. The programme offers a variety of specialty streams like HR, Marketing, Finance, IT, Hospital and Health Management, Productions & Operations, and students can choose their preferred specialisation domain. In addition, our MBA Elite is an exclusive programme which features foreign tour, study material, laptop and much more. The programme offers streams like Marketing, Finance, HR, Retail Management, IT, Production & Operations, Agribusiness, Business Analytics, International Business & Digital Marketing. Find out the MBA Collages in Noida.
Hospital & Health Management
• Focus on corporate readiness and future readiness programmes
• Faculties from top institutions including IlTs, IlMs, NITS, etc
• Foreign tour, study material, Laptop
• 100% Placement Assistance
I'm so thankful that I chose Noida International University for my B.Tech program. I cherish the moments spent under the guidance of eminent faculty members, my mentors and Career Development Team. I highly recommend the University for giving an excellent learning environment and shaping my career.
Ingenious Energy Infratech Pvt. Ltd.
I am doing MA from NIU and I like the university and I am very happy to be a part of this university. This is one of the best university in Delhi (NCR). I select this university for the best environment and good library and also the behavior of teachers and friends are also very good. I am not feeling like outside to my country. The study quality is also very best
NIU is one of the best international university in Delhi Ncr. I am a fourth semester BA Student. Till now my experience with NIU is very good. All the faculty members are very helpful. Education system is also very good. I am very happy to be a part of this university.
NIU is one of the best university in India. All the teachers and friends are very helpful. Education system is also very interesting.I am very happy for being a part of this university
" Noida International University has given me an astonishing platform for the overall growth and development. Every faculty member of MBA department continuously provided assistance to grow in academics and my skills. NIU Placement is working hard for all students to get placed. "
Noida International University has provided us a very efficient platform for the exposure to the training and placement. I am very grateful to the university for providing us the best of placement opportunities and finally I got placed in HDFC and taken the first step to fulfilled my dreams.
I was pleasantly surprised by the beautiful campus and the quality of facilities that Noida International University provides. Eventually the excellent pedagogy of the teachers and the amazing help I received to enhance my skill and improve my knowledge convinced me of the Excellency of Noida International University.
Noida International University has always believed in helping and guiding its students and it was no different during the placement season. Regular classes held at our college to help us with our legal studies and skills were of great help. Our placement administration officers also guided and encouraged us at each step thereby helping me secure my placement at such a reputed company.
I would like to thank our faculty members who have provided a very supportive environment. NIU undertakes and promotes various managerial, cultural, creative and many other diversified activities, which reflects the grand vision of the NIU and all such activities, helped in my overall development. I also like to thank our placement division who had provided us ample of opportunities and finally got me placed with Capital Brix
Capital Brix Pvt. Ltd.
Noida International University has been a great contributor towards the development of my personality. The infrastructure of Noida International University is one of the finest in the NCR region is what stands out the most. NIU, has best faculties with an attitude of being ever ready to help, and not only delivering classroom teachings, but also providing the students with real-time case technical projects and hands on industry experience with field work.
It was my golden phase during my tenure at Noida International University where I learnt and take a leap forward towards my career growth. The entire faculty and department leaves no stone unturned to shape one's future. It’s been a wonderful experience of learning with prolific exposure to outside. A big thanks to the Placement Team of Noida International University for providing great opportunities and supporting me by providing best career option.
Paytm Services Pvt. Ltd.
It been some of the lovely and memorable days I spent in Noida International University. NIU & its wonderful faculties are very cooperative and university environment is really good. Placement department has continuously provided assistance and gives opportunities in some of the best organizations in our country. NIU has made the best efforts to provide all the facilities for the students like Faculties, events, sports, etc.
BAR COUNCIL OF INDIA
Council of Architecture
Indian Association of Physiotherapists
Indian Nursing Council
Pharmacy Council of India
Association of Indian Universities
Registrar Phone Number: +91 7840099618

Source: https://niu.edu.in/mba/