Noida International University is established by U.P. LEGISLATURE ACT NO. 27 OF 2010 and under Section 2(f) of the UGC Act, 1956. A world Class University sponsored by the Maruti Educational Trust. The lush green campus of 75 acres with its uniquely designed architecture stands out as an infrastructure. The campus is strategically located near the Yamuna Expressway educational hub in Gautam Budh Nagar, Greater Noida. The University through its 12 schools is offering various multi-disciplinary programmes in varied streams of Engineering, Management, Law, Medical and Social Sciences.
School of Nursing is a premiere educational institute for nursing education in Delhi-NCR which offers career-oriented programs at nursing diploma and graduate levels. Noida International University, College of Nursing was established in the year 2011 under the trusteeship of Maruti Educational Trust. Affiliated to U.P. State Medical Faculty and is recognised by Indian Nursing Council.
The ultimate aim and objective of the NIU, College of Nursing is to prepare the Student Nurse for professional Nursing practices in a variety of settings available in our vast equipped 450 bedded Multi Specialty parent hospital (NIIMS) and affiliated hospitals such as Jaypee Hospital, Fortis Hospital, Apollo and Community exposure in various PHC’s, CHC’s and adopted villages under Unnat Bharat Abhiyan besides 100% placement in our parent Hospital and Affiliated Hospitals.
Degree Course:
• B.Sc. Nursing (4 years duration)
Diploma Courses:
• General Nursing & Midwifery (GNM) (3 years duration)
• Auxiliary Nursing & Midwifery (ANM) (2 years duration)
• Diploma in Clinical Nurse Assistant (DCNA) (1 year duration)
• B.Sc. Nursing, (Indian Nursing Council New Delhi and Noida International Univeresity)
• GNM and ANM, (Indian Nursing Council (INC) and Uttar Pradesh State Medical Faculty (UPSMF).
Noida International University has been a great contributor to the development of my personality. The infrastructure of Noida International University is one of the finest in NCR region is what stand out the most. The best thing about the University is the cross-culture interaction between students from various part of the world. The professor here make the University what is today. With an attitude of being ever ready to help and not only delivering classroom teaching, but they are also the pillars of the learning gained from the esteemed University and this is treasure for life I am very happy with my university. Thank you.
UDIT GOUR - B.Sc. (N) 1ST YEAR
My name is Tulsi Rana and I am pursuing B.Sc. Nursing from Noida International University. I am glad to provide you with my feedback about the university. I see a bright future for myself in Nursing that's why I chose to study B.Sc. Nursing and this university is one of the best to study. This university keep students in discipline and help the students to build their bright future. Faculty here are very good and always help the students in their studies. I suggest everyone to take admission in NIU because of its infrastructure and its way of teaching. Thank you.
Good morning everybody. I would like to thank to organizer for their kind invitation towards me to enabling me to participate in this wonderful forum. I am Anand Singh GNM 1st year, School of Nursing Noida International University. My university is the best in our city. All the teacher of my university are very sincere and kind hearted. My favourite teacher is MC. Kniranda ma'am. Our university has a very big campus, there is a computer lab, science lab and a big library. I have free ranging in the university and this rule is very nice of the university I am proud being a student of this university. We all study here like a family I have full faith that I willget success through this university. Thank you.
ANAND KUMAR SINGH – GNM 1ST YEAR
Hi hi!! are you looking for a cool and standard university?? Then you should go for Noida International University. Noida international university celebrates a diverse and talented international student community. Our university help to motivate applicants to achieve their personal and academic goals. Our university campus is huge. Our classmates and other prospective are helping. International students doesn’t face language barrier and culture shock in our university. All faculty members are helpful, supportive and especially kind in nature.
AKANKSHA SHARMA – GNM 1ST YEAR
I feel great to be in Noida International University. The teachers here are very good and they teach very well and their way of teaching and explaining is very simple. Noida International University being at an international level, we got the opportunity to study with foreign students and learn about their culture. Ragging is absolutely free in Noida International University and the seniors here are also very nice and treat us well and also help us. These activities keep happening from time to time and every time we get to learn something new.
SHIVAM KUMAR – GNM 1ST YEAR
My name is Khushi Joshi, student of GNM 1st year. My experience with NIU is great. Our University has a great infrastructure and up to date furnished classrooms, library, labs, auditorium, and cafeteria. Our staff and faculties are much kind and supportive. They treat us like family members. Facilities like hostel, hospital and transportation are provided.
KHUSHI JOSHI – GNM 1ST YEAR
My experience in Noida International University is very great because we have very good teachers and it is really great. All the teachers support their students and so many books are available in library which is very for a university.
SAGAR BHATI – GNM 1ST YEAR
I have the privilege to be in the first batch of B. Sc. Nursing at Noida international University. My experience with NIU has positively impact me personally. It is a great institute for any student, who want to pursue nursing as a career. You got one of the best infrastructure facilities and brilliant faculty, as it gives enough opportunity to every student to shine in their chosen career. I was impress with smart classroom based lectures. It has given me an edge to improve my theoretical knowledge with its well-equipped laboratory and library. It is also attached with best hospital which help to enhance my clinical skills. I would like to thank all the faculty and staffs of NIU for being blessing in my life.
DEEPAK KUMAR – B.Sc. (N) 1ST YEAR
My name is Blessing Benjamin Ebiladei. I am from Africa, Nigeria precisely, I'm pursuing B.Sc. Nursing, from School of Nursing. I was so excited when I heard I am going to be studying in India but I never knew it will be one of the best schools in India, smiles, therefore if I am allowed I would like to express my feelings and would like to share my experience in Noida International University, my experience so far has been the best I would proudly say that my school is outstanding, fun, educative and full of adventures. I remember being angry one particular day and I decided to go outside to see what's happening. As soon as I reached outside I just had to smile because people were dancing and that gave me a reason to smile that's what you experience when you go to an interesting school like Noida International University.
BLESSING BENJAMIN EBILADEI – B.Sc. (N) 1st YEAR
'' I am one of the student at the Department of Nursing at Noida International University, Delhi NCR, All our teachers are extremely knowledgeable, and they're always eager to help us in our times of need. They're kind enough to each and every student. They don't differentiate between anyone and so we always felt like we have their affection showered on us equally. We are blessed to find such teachers in our college. Every teacher respects us like a family member, before class joining, I had lots of wrong thoughts in my mind, but after class joining I am so happy to be part of Noida International University. Our respected HOD, Vidya ma’am , Shivani ma’am everyone says " we can make everything possible".
SHOWKAD AHMED – B.Sc. (N) 1ST YEAR
My experience in NIU is great. I am proud to be a part of this great University. I am pursuing B.Sc. Nursing from School of Nursing. The faculties are very cooperative and experienced. It has one of the beautiful infrastructure you have ever seen. Also the non - teaching staff and management are very cooperative. The various kinds of extra-curricular activities organised by the University helps you to grow as an individual. It's my honour to be a part of this amazing University.
NIKHIL SINGH – B.Sc. (N) 1ST YEAR
It gives me great pleasure to say with pride that I am doing B.Sc. Nursing from School of Nursing, NIU. The relationship between faculties and students is very cordial, which give me an opportunity to excel in my area of interest. I would like to thanks NIU and the facilities and staff for making me a "Better Person".
MANISH GIRI – B.Sc. (N) 1ST YEAR
My experience with the NOIDA INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY has positive impact in my profession. It is a very brilliant college for me I am pursuing B.Sc. (Nursing) as a career. I am happy to be a part of this university. The faculties is excellent, they really help every student and they motivate many times. In my 1st semester it was hard but now everything is well. Many labs and practical instruments are there for the practical learning. Most beautiful and fresh environment. I am excited for the next stage.
KANIKA - B.Sc. (N) 1ST YEAR
It is rightly said that UNIVERSITY SHOULD BE A PLACE OF LIGHT - LIBERTY – LEARNING. Our university fulfilled all these three golden " L " as related to educational arena . Noida International University is an amazing place where people from different parts of country meet together and share one common goal “EDUCATION . I feel privileged that I got opportunity to meet the dynamic and distinguished faculties, who are enthusiastic, friendly, patient and highly qualified. With their guidance and constant mentoring. " My experience at Noida International University was nothing but valuable". The quality education supported by the most passionate and helpful instructors helped me to my great potential .
DIVYA SINGH - B.Sc. (N) 1ST YEAR
Noida International University is not just a university for getting degree but a place which allow you to explore more of yourself and create environment very different from the outside world .This university provides a gadget free and strict environment which encourage you to focus more on you and your surroundings, enhancing your social skills and figuring out the solution on your own . Ever since I entered this institution, I had never looked back or questioned my decision .It has a great infrastructure. Being a student from medical stream ,It was my immense luck and fortune to be a part of NIU family. The entire faculty and department leaves no stone unturned to shape one’s future. The teacher has a helpful attitude and not only believe in classroom teaching but also go beyond to help students achieve academic excellence. Overall it is a great experience and full of learning and grooming oneself.
YACHIKA SHARMA - B.Sc. (N) 1ST YEAR
Registrar Phone Number: +91 7840099618

Source: https://niu.edu.in/nursing/