• Advanced IBM Collaborative Programs & Certifications
• Guest Lectures By Industry Experts
Admission Open 2025-26
Computer Science and Engineering - Cyber Security in Collaboration With IBM
Mechanical Engineering - Automobile/Mechatronics /Electrical vehicle
Civil Engineering - Smart Cities/ Green Technology & Sustainability
Computer Science and Engineering - Core
Computer Science and Engineering - AI&ML
Computer Science and Engineering - Drone Technology
Computer Science and Engineering - Data Science
Biotechnology
• .st0{fill:#FF273C;}Asset 4
Am I learning the latest technologies and tools to excel in my field of engineering?
Do I have the skills to tackle complex real-world problems and design innovative solutions?
Will my education prepare me to thrive in a rapidly evolving technological landscape?
At NIU, we understand the challenges faced by future engineers. That’s why our B.Tech program is designed to address your concerns directly:
• .st0{fill:#0DFF00;}Asset 3
Strong Technical Foundation: Master core engineering principles and build expertise in your chosen specialization.
Hands-On Problem Solving: Apply your knowledge to real-world challenges through projects, simulations, and case studies.
Focus on Emerging Technologies: Stay ahead by exploring AI, IoT, robotics, and renewable energy systems.
Career Support and Internships: Access placements in forensic labs, law enforcement agencies, and private investigation firms.
State-of-the-Art Labs and Infrastructure
Experiment and innovate in advanced facilities equipped with modern technology.
A program designed with inputs from leading experts to ensure relevance and rigor.
Collaborative Projects and Competitions
Work in teams to develop innovative solutions and participate in national and international engineering contests.
Internships and Global Opportunities
Gain practical exposure through internships with leading companies and global collaborations.
NAAC A+, AICTE recognised,
Cutting-Edge Specializations: Choose from various streams, including Computer Science, Electronics, Mechanical, Civil, and more.
Innovative Learning Methods: Experience project-based learning, hackathons, and industry-driven workshops.
Research and Development Focus: Engage in R&D projects to explore solutions for real-world challenges.
100% Placement Support: Launch your career with guidance, mentorship, and placement assistance.
• .cls-1{fill:#3aaa35;}Asset 3
At NIU, we don’t just teach engineering—we empower innovators. Our B.Tech program is designed to provide you with the skills, mindset, and confidence to tackle challenges, lead projects, and drive technological advancements. Whether your goal is to develop groundbreaking solutions, start your own venture, or work with global tech leaders, NIU ensures you’re equipped for success.
I am doing MA from NIU and I like the university and I am very happy to be a part of this university. This is one of the best university in Delhi (NCR). I select this university for the best environment and good library and also the behavior of teachers and friends are also very good. I am not feeling like outside to my country. The study quality is also very best
It was my golden phase during my tenure at Noida International University where I learnt and take a leap forward towards my career growth. The entire faculty and department leaves no stone unturned to shape one's future. It’s been a wonderful experience of learning with prolific exposure to outside. A big thanks to the Placement Team of Noida International University for providing great opportunities and supporting me by providing best career option.
Paytm Services Pvt. Ltd.
NIU is one of the best international university in Delhi Ncr. I am a fourth semester BA Student. Till now my experience with NIU is very good. All the faculty members are very helpful. Education system is also very good. I am very happy to be a part of this university.
NIU is one of the best university in India. All the teachers and friends are very helpful. Education system is also very interesting.I am very happy for being a part of this university
" Noida International University has given me an astonishing platform for the overall growth and development. Every faculty member of MBA department continuously provided assistance to grow in academics and my skills. NIU Placement is working hard for all students to get placed. "
Noida International University has provided us a very efficient platform for the exposure to the training and placement. I am very grateful to the university for providing us the best of placement opportunities and finally I got placed in HDFC and taken the first step to fulfilled my dreams.
I was pleasantly surprised by the beautiful campus and the quality of facilities that Noida International University provides. Eventually the excellent pedagogy of the teachers and the amazing help I received to enhance my skill and improve my knowledge convinced me of the Excellency of Noida International University.
Noida International University has always believed in helping and guiding its students and it was no different during the placement season. Regular classes held at our college to help us with our legal studies and skills were of great help. Our placement administration officers also guided and encouraged us at each step thereby helping me secure my placement at such a reputed company.
I would like to thank our faculty members who have provided a very supportive environment. NIU undertakes and promotes various managerial, cultural, creative and many other diversified activities, which reflects the grand vision of the NIU and all such activities, helped in my overall development. I also like to thank our placement division who had provided us ample of opportunities and finally got me placed with Capital Brix
Capital Brix Pvt. Ltd.
Noida International University has been a great contributor towards the development of my personality. The infrastructure of Noida International University is one of the finest in the NCR region is what stands out the most. NIU, has best faculties with an attitude of being ever ready to help, and not only delivering classroom teachings, but also providing the students with real-time case technical projects and hands on industry experience with field work.
It been some of the lovely and memorable days I spent in Noida International University. NIU & its wonderful faculties are very cooperative and university environment is really good. Placement department has continuously provided assistance and gives opportunities in some of the best organizations in our country. NIU has made the best efforts to provide all the facilities for the students like Faculties, events, sports, etc.
I'm so thankful that I chose Noida International University for my B.Tech program. I cherish the moments spent under the guidance of eminent faculty members, my mentors and Career Development Team. I highly recommend the University for giving an excellent learning environment and shaping my career.
Ingenious Energy Infratech Pvt. Ltd.
BAR COUNCIL OF INDIA
Council of Architecture
Indian Association of Physiotherapists
Indian Nursing Council
Pharmacy Council of India
Association of Indian Universities
At NIU, we believe in creating leaders by imparting the requisite knowledge and expertise to shape the 21st century. To do that, we invest in state-of-the-art tools necessary for successful and useful innovations in the most conducive environment. For example, we create an atmosphere of entrepreneurship and risk management that allows our students to be globally competitive.
Registrar Phone Number: +91 7840099618

Source: https://niu.edu.in/btech2025/