Dr. Devesh Kumar Singh, Chairman of Noida International University (NIU), envisions a future where high-quality education is accessible beyond national boundaries, empowering global youth to become the leaders and innovators of tomorrow. In alignment with this vision, NIU, under the aegis of the Maruti Educational Trust, India, has launched the prestigious Chairman’s Ambassador Global Scholarship Program with a total worth of USD 13 million.
This landmark initiative is designed to promote equity in global higher education, offering talented and deserving students – from across the world – access to transformative learning experiences at NIU, a NAAC A+ accredited University in India. By advancing this global scholarship, NIU strengthens its commitment to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), notably in the areas of quality education, cross-border collaboration and youth empowerment. The program aims to build an inclusive academic ecosystem that nurtures future-ready professionals and global citizens.
• Multi-Disciplinary programs from 12 schools, including Engineering, Management, Law, Medicine, Social Sciences, Nursing, Pharmacy, Arts & Design.
• 75+ acres of lush green campus strategically located with state-of-the-art infrastructure and Wi-Fi-enabled campus.
• 45+ academic collaborations with Universities across the globe.
• 750 bedded Super Speciality Hospital -NIIMS (Noida International Institute of Medical Sciences) to provide quality healthcare services.
• Accreditations from esteemed councils such as the COA, NCTE, INC, IAP, BCI, PCI and NMC.
• Diversified cross-cultural experience with students from over 65+ nations
• World-class academic and research environment, excellence centres, industry experts, hands-on learning opportunities, online labs, events, and global network.
• Well-equipped indoor and outdoor sports and lifestyle facilities.
My experience at Noida International University has been wonderful. It helped me grow as an individual. The lecturers have very good communication skills. International students are also very friendly in all aspects.
(BBA) ZIMBABWE
I chose NIU for my masters because it has good learning facilities and the faculty members are so helpful and always available to guide us through our academics. My experience so far has been good. I would recommend NIU to anyone who wishes to study in India.
Currently, I am a final year student of MPH. My experience at NIU has been great. NIU also has a hospital (NIIMS) where we can learn a great deal about medical sciences through theoretical and practical learning.
I am a 1st year MA student. One of my friends recommends NIU as he is also studying here since 2019. After I joined NIU I am enjoying the class lectures and the learning methods are quite interesting. The college campus is also well maintained. Now I can say with pride that I am a student of NIU.
MA (Public Administration) AFGHANISTAN
I am pursuing M.Phil from NIU. It is a great institution and I am impressed with the kind of support we get from our lecturers. Our efforts are really appreciated.
(M. PHIL-Management) SRI LANKA
Education awakens the latent consciousness of man and builds him/her as an enlightened personality. Education plays a major role in developing oneself & gaining inner peace by being engaged in welfare of the society & world. Noida International University helps each & every one of its students to become a truly benevolent person by taking care of them like a flower. I
am very glad & happy to be an ex-student of such student-oriented Institute.
(LLM) BANGLADESH
I am in my first year of BBA program. My experience with NIU is very good. The learning process is also very interesting. Experienced good teachers are also there. Colleagues are also very friendly. I am glad to be a student of NIU.
Nyarath John Nyawelo Akol
(BBA) SOUTH SUDANESE
I am a 4th year B.Tech Student. My experience with NIU is very good. I have learned many things from here. All the teachers are very polite to us and also very talented in terms of teaching. The college campus is also well maintained. I have so many beautiful memories with NIU.
Valdimiro Manduvo Conde Dunge
(B.Tech) ANGOLA
Belonging from Nepal, one of the best thing you will ever experience in NIU is the friendliest faculties, you feel like they are your friends. From very first day, they are always welcoming and ready to help. The course structure and syllabus perfectly fits as per your educational choice. NIU has such an environment that helps you get first-hand experience of international
students from different countries.
B.Sc. (Hons.) NEPAL
It is a great experience studying at NIU, my experience at NIU has been amazing. I have found it easy to interact with my lecturers. You should consider NIU if you wish to study in India. I promise you will not regret your decision
B.SC CARDIAC TECHNOLOGY, LUSAKA, ZAMBIA
It is one of the best universities in India. All the teachers and friends are very helpful. Education system is also very interesting. I am very happy to be a part of this university.
Association of Indian Universities
BAR COUNCIL OF INDIA
Council of Architecture
Indian Association of Physiotherapists
Indian Nursing Council
Pharmacy Council of India
+91 96677 97182
+917428486785
Registrar Phone Number: +91 7840099618

Source: https://niu.edu.in/the-chairman-ambassador-scholarship/